What wish just say
actually
It's half the drink per person
brother-in-law
Stop talking, you'll forget the wine
We'll talk about what happened later, okay?
No matter how hard I suffer
Boss, I'm here
Give me a bite
OK
second
I need to go to the toilet.
What were you doing there?
I want to catch up with new ones
Who says mountains are high?
Empty with your current body
I'm afraid so.
It's ok.
I ask you.
Get ready
It will definitely make you feel the warmth of the setting sun
What time is it?
3:30 pm
Let's take the cable car online
It's about to delete me at 6 o'clock
What about Liu Fan?
He's at the top of the mountain getting ready.
still
This mortal is good
You have to hold him well
Not big
Don't catch a cold
I'm all like this
Afraid of catching a cold